# Spotify Mood Colors 

This libarary takes your top song from the last 6 weeks on Spotify, 
extracts its tempo, and from there determines a mood and color palette 
associated with that song. 

### spotifyAuth(['access token'] (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String), ['redirect url'] (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String))
This method allows the user to login into their spotify account and grant access to their data on top items in Spotify, such as tracks and artists.  It takes in clientID, which is a string and is generated by creating a developer account in Spotify. For collaborative artware, the clientID to use when in developer mode is ‘e948779f89ae493887fd4aa46fb8e8c7’and the redirect URI in that case is http://localport:8000, make sure the local port is set to 8000. When no longer in the development mode and using the website, the clientID to input is ‘d41b83c2f2224356bd94fbf83924e6d4’ and the redirect URI in that case is https://artware.app. The client IDs and URIs provided here are only for use of this project. 

### getTopTrack()

This is an [asynchronous function] (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/async_function), which means that it needs to be called in an async function along with the await keyword. This method is used to get the user’s top track from the last 6 weeks by fetching the data from spotify once the access token is generated from the spotifyAuth method. This method returns the top track's song ID associated with Spotify as a promise. You can extract the data from the promise using .then(). 

'''js 
const topTrack = await getTopTrack()
//  out: "2up3OPMp9Tb4dAKM2erWXQ"
'''

### getTempo() 

This is an [asynchronous function] (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/async_function), which means that it needs to be called in an async function along with the await keyword. This method uses the track ID from getTopTrack() and extracts the track's tempo. The tempo is returned as a promsie and you can extract the data from the promise using .then(). 

'''js 
const tempo = await getTempo()
//  out: 93
'''

### getMood()

This is an [asynchronous function] (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/async_function) because it calls on getTempo() (also an async function), which means that it needs to be called in an async function along with the await keyword. This method uses the tempo extracted from Spotify data to determine the mood of your top song in the last six weeks. The mood is returned as a promsie and you can extract the data from the promise using .then(). The possible moods are happy, exuberant, energetic, sad, contentment, calm, chill, and depressive.

'''js 
const mood = await getMood()
//  out: 'contentment'
'''

### getColors()

This is an [asynchronous function] (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/async_function) because it calls on getMood() (also an async function), which means that it needs to be called in an async function along with the await keyword. Depending on the mood generated by the getMood(), getColors() create an array of colors and changes the colors in the oldSchoolColors options to reflect the mood.The array of colors is returned as a promsie and you can extract the data from the promise using .then().